DOCSP-45350-mongosync-limitations-always-in-effect (#505)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/reference/limitations.txt

   these limitations could lead to undefined behavior on the destination
   cluster.

   You must adhere to these limitations for the full duration of the the

>    migration, including when the migration is paused or stopped and will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   migration, including when the migration is paused or stopped if it will be
```

- You can't sync a collection with any documents that have an empty timestamp,
  such as ``Timestamp(0,0)`` on pre-6.0 source clusters. 

.. important::

>    ``mongosync`` enforces the documented limitations, regardless of whether

Reviewer 2: Succinctness:

```
``mongosync`` enforces the limitations...
```

The "documented limitations" implies undocumented limitations.

Author: Ah that makes sense. Thank you for this fix!
